AUDIT_GUID - Availability Group scenario (#9930)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/t-sql/statements/create-server-audit-transact-sql.md

#### AUDIT_GUID = *uniqueidentifier*

> To support scenarios such as database mirroring or where databases are participating in an Always On Availabiltiy Group, an audit needs a specific GUID that matches the GUID found in the mirrored database. The GUID can't be modified after the audit is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support scenarios such as database mirroring or databases participating in an Always On availability group, an audit needs a specific GUID that matches the GUID found in the mirrored database. The GUID can't be modified after the audit is created.
```
